readme.md, before:

# bunq for WooCommerce

Contributors: patrickkivits\
Donate link: https://bunq.me/patrickkivits \
Tags: woocommerce, psp, payment gateway, bunq, ideal, credit card, sofort\
License: GPLv2 or later\
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Accept payments in your WooCommerce shop with just your bunq account.

## Demo

https://bunq-for-woocommerce.patrickkivits.com/

## Requirements

- [bunq premium account](https://bunq.com/invite/patrickkivits)
- HTTPS/SSL certificate (for callbacks/payment processing to work)
- PHP version: >= 7.0
- PHP extensions: openssl, curl, json, mbstring
- Wordpress version: >= 3.8
- WooCommerce version: >= 2.2

## Installation

1. Download the [latest zip](https://github.com/patrickkivits/bunq-for-woocommerce/archive/master.zip) of this repository.
2. In your WordPress admin panel, navigate to **Plugins** > **Add New**.
3. Click Upload Plugin.
4. Upload the zip file that you downloaded.

## Configuration

1. In your WordPress admin panel, navigate to **WooCommerce** > **Settings** > **Payments** > **bunq**.
2. In the bunq app, navigate to **Profile** > **Security & Preferences** > **Developers** > **OAuth** > **Add Redirect URL**.
3. Enter the **full URL** of the plugin page (e.g. https://example.com/wp-admin/admin.php?page=wc-settings&tab=checkout&section=bunq).
4. In the bunq app, navigate to **Profile** > **Security & Preferences** > **Developers** > **OAuth** > **Show Client Details**.
5. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** in the plugin settings and **Save changes**.
6. Click the **OAuth Authorization Request** to authorize the plugin in the bunq app.

<img width="228" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92739792-8a00ef00-f37d-11ea-8b28-4f8d02b145d4.png">

7. This will redirect you to the bunq website.

<img width="629" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92740458-0d224500-f37e-11ea-8e6a-cb896762f0fc.png">

8. Scan the QR code with the bunq app to select the bank accounts you want to access.

<img width="100%" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92741238-afdac380-f37e-11ea-95bd-9d5f93fabbf9.jpg">

9. After confirmation in the bunq app, the bunq website will redirect you back to the plugin settings.

10. Select your **Bank account** and **Enable** the plugin and **Save changes**.

## Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add optional configuration for hold stock setting

readme.md, after:

# bunq for WooCommerce

Contributors: patrickkivits\
Donate link: https://bunq.me/patrickkivits \
Tags: woocommerce, psp, payment gateway, bunq, ideal, credit card, sofort\
License: GPLv2 or later\
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Accept payments in your WooCommerce shop with just your bunq account.

## Demo

https://bunq-for-woocommerce.patrickkivits.com/

## Requirements

- [bunq premium account](https://bunq.com/invite/patrickkivits)
- HTTPS/SSL certificate (for callbacks/payment processing to work)
- PHP version: >= 7.0
- PHP extensions: openssl, curl, json, mbstring
- Wordpress version: >= 3.8
- WooCommerce version: >= 2.2

## Installation

1. Download the [latest zip](https://github.com/patrickkivits/bunq-for-woocommerce/archive/master.zip) of this repository.
2. In your WordPress admin panel, navigate to **Plugins** > **Add New**.
3. Click Upload Plugin.
4. Upload the zip file that you downloaded.

## Configuration

1. In your WordPress admin panel, navigate to **WooCommerce** > **Settings** > **Payments** > **bunq**.
2. In the bunq app, navigate to **Profile** > **Security & Preferences** > **Developers** > **OAuth** > **Add Redirect URL**.
3. Enter the **full URL** of the plugin page (e.g. https://example.com/wp-admin/admin.php?page=wc-settings&tab=checkout&section=bunq).
4. In the bunq app, navigate to **Profile** > **Security & Preferences** > **Developers** > **OAuth** > **Show Client Details**.
5. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** in the plugin settings and **Save changes**.
6. Click the **OAuth Authorization Request** to authorize the plugin in the bunq app.

<img width="228" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92739792-8a00ef00-f37d-11ea-8b28-4f8d02b145d4.png">

7. This will redirect you to the bunq website.

<img width="629" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92740458-0d224500-f37e-11ea-8e6a-cb896762f0fc.png">

8. Scan the QR code with the bunq app to select the bank accounts you want to access.

<img width="100%" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/727174/92741238-afdac380-f37e-11ea-95bd-9d5f93fabbf9.jpg">

9. After confirmation in the bunq app, the bunq website will redirect you back to the plugin settings.

10. Select your **Bank account** and **Enable** the plugin and **Save changes**.

## Optional configuration

By default WooCommerce will **hold stock** for unpaid orders for **60 minutes**. When this limit is reached, the pending order will be **cancelled**.

Some payment methods (like SOFORT) provided by bunq.me may take more than 60 minutes to complete. To avoid premature cancellation this setting can be increased or disabled in the WooCommerce configuration here: **WooCommerce** > **Settings** > **Products** > **Inventory** > **Hold stock (minutes)**

## Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
